README.md, before:

# Footy CLI
### A CLI tool written in Rust to provide quick access to global football scores and schedules.

### Usage
You need to install the app by cloning the repository and executing a few commands:
`git clone https://github.com/jopieji/footy`

Run `cargo build --release` to generate an optimized binary.

Add the executable (in {install_folder/footy/target/release}) to your PATH

Still, you need to add an API key to your environment. To obtain an API key, visit [the API-Football site](https://www.api-football.com/pricing) 

Open a `.zshrc` or `.bashrc` file and add\n
`EXPORT FOOTY_API_KEY={your_key_here}`

Finally, the command `footy schedule` will be available via your terminal.


### Notes
Currently, the app only supports the schedule functionality. Scores and teams support will be added soon!

Also, it is hard coded to my favorite leagues, and only displays today's fixtures. This will be updated to be more customizable in the coming weeks.

### Commands
`footy scores` will display scores of your favorite teams, which can be configured via the CLI (right now, it shows the last two fixtures)

`footy schedule` will display a schedule of today's fixtures for your favorite leagues

`footy live` will display live scores of matches for you full list of leagues

`footy teams` will return the last 2 fixtures (with scores) of your configured favorite teams


### Future
I'm looking into adding: 
- customizable league adding/deleting for your favorites list (affects `live`, `schedule` commands)
- schedule lookahead (show upcoming fixtures for teams)

### Known Bugs
Teams that share names with other teams have trouble being added. For example, there are two teams that come up for "Arsenal", so Arsenal
won't properly be added to your list of teams. I am looking into this, and will find a resolution as soon as possible.

Commit message:

fix path to csv bug and add docs

README.md, after:

# Footy CLI
### A CLI tool written in Rust to provide quick access to global football scores and schedules.

### Usage
You need to install the app by cloning the repository and executing a few commands:
`git clone https://github.com/jopieji/footy`

Run `cargo build --release` to generate an optimized binary.

Add the executable (in {install_folder/footy/target/release}) to your PATH

Still, you need to add an API key to your environment. To obtain an API key, visit [the API-Football site](https://www.api-football.com/pricing) 

Open a `.zshrc` or `.bashrc` file and add\n
`EXPORT FOOTY_API_KEY={your_key_here}`

Set `CONFIG_PATH` to the absolute path of your teams.csv files, and add it to your `.zshrc` or `.bashrc` file with the syntax `EXPORT CONFIG_PATH={abs_path_to_your_teams.csv}`

Finally, the command `footy schedule` will be available via your terminal.


### Notes
Currently, the app only supports the schedule functionality. Scores and teams support will be added soon!

Also, it is hard coded to my favorite leagues, and only displays today's fixtures. This will be updated to be more customizable in the coming weeks.


### Commands
`footy scores` will display scores of your favorite teams, which can be configured via the CLI (right now, it shows the last two fixtures)

`footy schedule` will display a schedule of today's fixtures for your favorite leagues

`footy live` will display live scores of matches for you full list of leagues

`footy teams` will return the last 2 fixtures (with scores) of your configured favorite teams


### Future
I'm looking into adding: 
- customizable league adding/deleting for your favorites list (affects `live`, `schedule` commands)
- schedule lookahead (show upcoming fixtures for teams)

### Known Bugs
Teams that share names with other teams have trouble being added. For example, there are two teams that come up for "Arsenal", so Arsenal
won't properly be added to your list of teams. I am looking into this, and will find a resolution as soon as possible.
